Okay, Ellie, what's your favorite food?
Sushi?
Sashimi is better?
And then that, that salmon is actually from Alaska.
You go to Japan and eat the Japanese sushi.
Yeah.
What about you?
Oh...
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, Is that your favorite food, like Sushi?  Okay. Okay.
You like everyone, everything.
Me too, me too but I like sushi too.
Yeah, mo Sushi all the way, but I think I do like
the fish part so sashimi is okay i don't really care for the rice
Oh, actually it's better without it.
Then I can eat more fish. Yeah.
Yeah.
Aah. I like the
Hamachi, what is Hamachi? Yellowtail! Yeah.
But I- I like that. I think fatty fish.
Not, Otoro but Chutoro. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Because salmon is a little bit oily too. So, Yeah.
Yeah, because you you like the Ashi? Yeah.
Yeah, I like that too. I like that too. Yeah.
Oh... Yeah, yeah, yeah.
My mouth is watering.
I'm getting hungry.
Oh...
Yeah. It is a little bit hard.
Then, I think Asian food. So like Pho or
Chinese food.
or
Korean, I like Korean spicy food. Not, not too spicy but...
Oh really?
mmh
Yeah, I think you're ordering it wrong.
or you're just eating kimchi only.
Yeah.
Yes, it is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Aaahh...
Yeah, but I love Sundubu.
But not too spicy. But you ordered plain?
Oh, oh, oh...
Oh. You are...
Yeah. And what about you if you're not?
eat... Yeah, outside of Japan. Yeah.
Oh... if...
Oh...
What about Thai food?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.... Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
We chose the wrong topic. I'm getting hungry.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Vegetables stew. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Chinese is good. Yeah.
Yeah.
But were going to, from Japanese food to non-Asian food.
Mexican food. I like Mexican food. Yeah.
Chimichanga. No... I like you know near Ellie's house?
There's a... a...
Alicia?
No! Patricia, Patricia. Yeah, we go to that restaurant a lot.
but there we have that taco shell salad.
Tostada? Yeah. I like that because it has a lot of vegetables and
And I like the pork on top of that.
Yeah, Otoyomada ne.